Support both Text & HTML in the same email (#14715)
OrchardCMS/OrchardCore: src/docs/releases/3.0.0.md

## Breaking Changes

### Email Module

Previously, emails sent from Orchard Core could have either a plain text body, or an HTML body, but not both. Now, they can have both. This also brings some code-level API changes, see below.

When interacting with email-related services from code, `MailMessage`, the class representing an e-mail, exposed a `string` `Body` property. This could contain either plain text or HTML, which was indicated by `IsHtmlBody`.

> The new `Body` property returns `MailMessageBody` type, which contains a plain text and/or HTML body.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
These two properties have now been replaced by the `TextBody` and `HtmlBody` properties, which contains a plain text and/or HTML body.
```

> While this API is still available, it's deprecated in favor of the new `Body` property that uses the new `MailMessageBody` type. This can contain a plain text and/or HTML body.

Reviewer: This is not true, you've removed the old API. But it would be actually better to deprecate the old API first, as described here.
